Update pages describing how to create the installer media. (#14)
dortania/vanilla-laptop-guide: preparations/offline-installer.md

> # Preparing a Full macOS Installer (requires macOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Preparing a full macOS Installer (requires macOS)

```

> This procedure describes how to create a "full macOS installer" that contains the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure describes how to create a full macOS installer that contains the

```
Why the quotes?

> entire operating system, with no further downloads necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entire operating system, with no further downloads necessary to install.
```

What you need:

* A macOS computer

> * A full macOS installer.app, downloaded from the App Store (instructions below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A full macOS installer.app, downloaded from the App Store or with gibMacOS (instructions below)
```

To start we'll want to grab ourselves a copy of macOS, you can skip this and head to formatting the USB if you're just making a bootable OpenCore stick and not an installer. For everyone else, you can either download macOS from the App Store or with gibMacOS

> ## Downloading macOS Installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Downloading the macOS Installer with gibMacOS
```

Use the [gibMacOS](https://github.com/corpnewt/gibMacOS)

> (see the [Recovery Installer page for details](./online-installer.md)

Reviewer: Ought as well transplant the relevant details from that page here

Author: Yes, I wondered about that when I wrote this. I suggest we commit all the other changes, and come back to make final fit-and-finish changes after we see the rest of the documentation.

> and run the `gibMacOS.command`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and run `gibMacOS.command`:
```

![](/images/preparations/offline-installer/gib-done.png)

## Preparing the USB Drive

> Now format the USB drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we will be formatting the USB drive.
```

> Use macOS Disk Utility to erase the entire USB drive,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use macOS Disk Utility to erase the entire USB drive (click View > Show All Devices, then select your USB drive),
```

and give it the name `MyVolume`,

> using `Mac OS Extended(Journaled)` and `GUID Partition Map`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using `Mac OS Extended (Journaled)` and `GUID Partition Map`.
```

![Formatting the USB](/images/preparations/offline-installer/format-usb.png)

This creates 2 partitions: one named `MyVolume` and a second (hidden) one called `EFI`
which is where your firmware checks for boot files.

## Copying macOS onto the USB Drive

Next run the `createinstallmedia` command provided by [Apple](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201372),

> note that the command is made for USB's formatted with the name `MyVolume`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(be sure to adjust the volume name if it's not `MyVolume` and the path to the installer if it's not Catalina or not in the Applications folder):
```

```text
sudo /Applications/Install\ macOS\ Catalina.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/MyVolume
```

This will take some time so may want to grab a coffee or continue reading the guide.
(To be realistic, you shouldn't be following this guide step by step without reading the whole thing first.)

> You can also replace the `createinstallmedia` path with that of where your installer's located, same idea with the drive name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Mounting the EFI partition

> Before you can proceed, you must mount the EFI system partition that was automatically created when formatting with GUID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can proceed, you must mount the EFI system partition that was automatically created when we prepared the USB.
```
